feat(content): Add Remnant "Search and Rescue" jobs (#5847)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant missions.txt

			`	"Congratulations, Captain <last>!" the director signs. "Your fluency is good enough that even those unwilling to sing with a stranger should be comfortable working with you. At this rate you will be one of us in more ways than just by blood. I look forward to seeing what results from your work with us." The director is interrupted by the arrival of other Remnant asking for something and bids you farewell with an apologetic gesture.`
				decline

	
mission "Remnant Rescue"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Scout"

> 	description "A ship, the <npc>, has gone missing during a scouting mission in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a scouting mission in the Ember Wastes. Find and help them return to <destination>."
```

	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		random < 30
	npc accompany save
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
		personality derelict timid plunders
		government "Remnant"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant
				Starling
			variant
				Gull
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 200000
		dialog
			`Your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`

	
ship "Rescue Dummy"
	sprite "ship/behemoth"
	attributes
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"hull" 1
		"mass" 10
		"drag" 1
		"automaton" 1
		"energy generation" 1
		"thrust" 30
		"turn" 30
	outfits
		"Suicide Gun"
	gun 0 0

outfit "Suicide Gun"
	"category" guns
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"gun ports" -1
	weapon
		velocity 100
		lifetime 10
		reload 1
		"blast radius" 900
		"shield damage" 0.01
		"hull damage" 1

						
mission "Remnant Rescue 1B"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Scout"

> 	description "A ship, the <npc>, has gone missing during a scouting mission in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a scouting mission in the Ember Wastes. Find and help them return to <destination>."
```

	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		random < 5
	npc kill
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
		personality staying heroic nemesis unconstrained
		government "Test Dummy"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant
				"Rescue Dummy"
		dialog

> 			`As you enter the system, your sensors pick up a lot of debris. Further analysis confirms your worst fears. The <npc> is destroyed. You frantically spend the next few hours searching for survivors, your hope sinking with every minute that passes.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As you enter the system, your sensors pick up a lot of debris. Further analysis confirms your worst fears. The <npc> has been destroyed. You frantically spend the next few hours searching for survivors, your hope sinking with every passing minute.`
```

Reviewer: Admittedly, something just doesn't feel right with the last sentence, but I'm not touching that.

Author: I'll commit your suggestion because it is better, but I'll definitely put some thought into improving it.

	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 200000
		dialog

> 			`You land, and with sorrow hanging heavy on your heart, report that the <npc> was lost.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You land, heart heavy, as you report that the <npc> was lost with all hands.`
```

	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`
	
	
mission "Remnant Rescue 2"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Retrieval"

> 	description "A ship, the <npc>, has gone missing during a tech retreival mission in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a tech retrieval mission in the Ember Wastes. Find and help them return to <destination>."
```

Reviewer: Why I didn't copy the edits every time is beyond me.

			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
		personality derelict timid plunders
		government "Remnant"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant 7
				Gull
			variant 3
				Starling
			variant 3
				Pelican
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 300000
		dialog
			`Your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>, along with a brief note of thanks.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`

	
mission "Remnant Rescue 2B"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Retrieval"
	description "A ship, the <npc>, has gone missing during a tech retreival mission in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		random < 5
	npc kill
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
		personality staying heroic nemesis unconstrained
		government "Test Dummy"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant
				"Rescue Dummy"
		dialog

> 			`As you enter the system, your sensors pick up a lot of debris. Further analysis confirms your worst fears. The <npc> is destroyed. You frantically spend the next few hours searching for survivors, your hope sinking with every minute that passes.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As you enter the system, your sensors pick up a lot of debris. Further analysis confirms your worst fears. The <npc> has been destroyed. You frantically spend the next few hours searching for survivors, your hope sinking with every passing minute.`
```

	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 300000
		dialog

> 			`You land, and with sorrow hanging heavy on your heart, report that the <npc> was lost.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You land, heart heavy, as you report that the <npc> was lost with all hands.`
```

	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`
	
			
mission "Remnant Rescue 3"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Supply Ship"

> 	description "A ship, the <npc>, has gone missing on a supply run in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a supply run in the Ember Wastes. Find and help them return to <destination>."
```

	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		random < 30
	npc accompany save
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
		personality derelict timid plunders
		government "Remnant"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant 7
				Pelican
			variant 2
				Gull
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 300000
		dialog
			`Your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>, and also a thank you from the captain of the <npc>.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`
	
	
mission "Remnant Rescue 3B"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Supply Ship"

> 	description "A ship, the <npc>, has gone missing on a supply run in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a supply run in the Ember Wastes. Find and help them return to <destination>."
```

	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		random < 5
	npc kill
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
		personality staying heroic nemesis unconstrained
		government "Test Dummy"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant
				"Rescue Dummy"
		dialog

> 			`As you enter the system, your sensors pick up a lot of debris. Further analysis confirms your worst fears. The <npc> is destroyed. You frantically spend the next few hours searching for survivors, your hope sinking with every minute that passes.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As you enter the system, your sensors pick up a lot of debris. Further analysis confirms your worst fears. The <npc> has been destroyed. You frantically spend the next few hours searching for survivors, your hope sinking with every passing minute.`
```

	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 300000
		dialog

> 			`You land, and with sorrow hanging heavy on your heart, report that the <npc> was lost.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`You land, heart heavy, as you report that the <npc> was lost with all hands.`
```

	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`

	
mission "Remnant Rescue 4"
	job
	repeat
	name "Distress Signal: Graveyard"

> 	description "A distress signal has been received from the <npc> in the Graveyard. Hurry there, find them, and help them return safely to <destination>."

Reviewer: Would "Within the Graveyard" be better...

Reviewer: Also, the repetition of "them," but I'm not touching it.

Author: I'm honestly not sure on in vs within in this case. As for the "them" repetition, I'll probably have to restructure the sentence, and at the very least, the "them" is actually in the wrong spot. Oops.

	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		has "First Contact: Ka'het: Remnant 1B: offered"
		random < 20
	npc accompany save
		system
			attributes "graveyard"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
		personality escort derelict heroic plunders
		government "Remnant"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant 8
				Albatross
			variant 2
				Ibis
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 500000
		dialog

> 			`Upon landing the captain of the <npc> meets you at your ship to thank you personally for rescuing them from the Graveyard, leaving you with a heartfelt "May the Embers burn bright for you." `

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`Upon landing, the captain of the <npc> meets you at your ship to thank you personally for rescuing them from the Graveyard, leaving you with a heartfelt sentence: "May the Embers burn bright for you." `
```

	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		random < 30
	npc accompany save
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
			not system "Edusa"
		personality derelict timid plunders
		government "Remnant"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant
				Starling
			variant
				Gull
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 200000
		dialog
			`Your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`

# The Rescue Dummy is meant to suicide as soon as possible on entering the randomized system.
ship "Rescue Dummy"
	sprite "ship/behemoth"
	attributes
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"hull" 1
		"mass" 10
		"drag" 1
		"automaton" 1
		"energy generation" 1
		"thrust" 30
		"turn" 30
	outfits
		"Suicide Gun"
	gun 0 0

outfit "Suicide Gun"
	"category" guns
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"gun ports" -1
	weapon
		velocity 100
		lifetime 10
		reload 1
		"blast radius" 900
		"shield damage" 0.01

> 		"hull damage" 1

Author: Yes. I agree, somebody mentioned the two ship thing, I just haven't gotten around to doing it. I definitely will though, as it sounds more reliable in so many ways (especially now that I have some idea of how to use these ships after the nightmare that was getting this to work).

As for the sprite used, I just wanted something noticable enough for when I was testing. I'll definitely get to work on making this new double-ship setup over the next few days, I like your idea of making a visible version of the ship that you're hunting for "just in case", because that also solves the issue of jumping too quickly (which *can* happen with the current setup, but it's very close).

			`	"Congratulations, Captain <last>!" the director signs. "Your fluency is good enough that even those unwilling to sing with a stranger should be comfortable working with you. At this rate you will be one of us in more ways than just by blood. I look forward to seeing what results from your work with us." The director is interrupted by the arrival of other Remnant asking for something and bids you farewell with an apologetic gesture.`
				decline

	
mission "Remnant Rescue"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Scout"
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a scouting mission in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"

> 		random < 30

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 10
```

	npc accompany save
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
			not system "Edusa"
		personality derelict timid plunders
		government "Remnant"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant
				Starling
			variant
				Gull
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 200000
		dialog
			`Your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`

# The Rescue Dummy is meant to suicide as soon as possible on entering the randomized system.
ship "Rescue Dummy"

> 	#sprite "ship/behemoth"

Author: The reason why it is commented out is because you're not meant to see it. You're meant to find the wreckage, not watch it explode (see: dialogue).

As for why it isn't a Remnant ship, I was having trouble quickly discerning the black ships on the black background when I was testing this, so I used a large, light ship for visibility purposes (I could've used a Sojourner, too). Blame my poor eyesight.

	attributes
		"heat dissipation" 1
		"hull" 1
		"mass" 10
		"drag" 1
		"automaton" 1
		"energy generation" 1
		"thrust" 30
		"turn" 30
	outfits
		"Suicide Gun"
	gun 0 0

outfit "Suicide Gun"
	"category" guns
	thumbnail "outfit/unknown"
	"gun ports" -1
	weapon
		velocity 100
		lifetime 10
		reload 1
		"blast radius" 900
		"shield damage" 0.01
		"hull damage" 1

						
mission "Remnant Rescue 1B"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Scout"
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a scouting mission in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"

> 		random < 5

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 1
```

	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		random < 30
	npc accompany save
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
			not system "Edusa"
		personality derelict timid plunders
		government "Remnant"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant 7
				Gull
			variant 3
				Starling
			variant 3
				Pelican
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 300000
		dialog
			`Your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>, along with a brief note of thanks.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`

	
mission "Remnant Rescue 2B"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Retrieval"
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a tech retrieval mission in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"

> 		random < 5

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 3
```

	npc kill
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
			not system "Edusa"
		personality staying heroic nemesis unconstrained
		government "Test Dummy"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant
				"Rescue Dummy"
		dialog
			`As you enter the system, your sensors pick up a lot of debris. Further analysis confirms your worst fears. The <npc> has been destroyed. You frantically spend the next few hours searching for survivors, your hope sinking with every passing minute.`
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 300000
		dialog
			`You land, and with heavy heart, report that the <npc> was lost with all hands.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`
	
			
mission "Remnant Rescue 3"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Supply Ship"
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a supply run in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"

> 		random < 30

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 10
```

	npc accompany save
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
			not system "Edusa"
		personality derelict timid plunders
		government "Remnant"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant 7
				Pelican
			variant 2
				Gull
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 300000
		dialog
			`Your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>, and also a thank you from the captain of the <npc>.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`
	
	
mission "Remnant Rescue 3B"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Supply Ship"
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a supply run in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"

> 		random < 5

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 3
```

			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
			not system "Edusa"
		personality staying heroic nemesis unconstrained
		government "Test Dummy"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant
				"Rescue Dummy"
		dialog
			`As you enter the system, your sensors pick up a lot of debris. Further analysis confirms your worst fears. The <npc> has been destroyed. You frantically spend the next few hours searching for survivors, your hope sinking with every passing minute.`
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 300000
		dialog
			`You land, and with heavy heart, report that the <npc> was lost with all hands.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`

	
mission "Remnant Rescue 4"
	job
	repeat
	name "Distress Signal: Graveyard"
	description "A distress signal has been received from the <npc> in the Graveyard. Hurry there, and help return them safely to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		has "First Contact: Ka'het: Remnant 1B: offered"

> 		random < 20

Reviewer 3: even rarer will make this job more special

> 		random < 20

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 10
```

	npc accompany save
		system
			attributes "graveyard"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
			not system "Edusa"
			not system "Aki'il"
		personality escort derelict heroic plunders
		government "Remnant"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant 8
				Albatross
			variant 2
				Ibis
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 500000
		dialog
			`Upon landing, the captain of the <npc> meets you at your ship to thank you personally for rescuing them from the Graveyard, leaving you with a heartfelt sentence: "May the Embers burn bright for you." `
			`Soon after, your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>.`
	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> has not.`

			
mission "Remnant Rescue 5"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Terminus"
	description "While scouting around Terminus, the <npc> has stopped reporting in. Find out what happened and return to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"

> 		random < 20

Reviewer 3: same deal :)

> 		random < 20

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		random < 10
```

	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`

	
mission "Remnant Rescue 2B"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Retrieval"
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a tech retrieval mission in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		random < 3
	npc kill
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
			not system "Edusa"
		personality staying heroic nemesis unconstrained
		government "Test Dummy"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant
				"Rescue Dummy"
		dialog
			`As you enter the system, your sensors pick up a lot of debris. Further analysis confirms your worst fears. The <npc> has been destroyed. You frantically spend the next few hours searching for survivors, your hope sinking with every passing minute.`
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 300000
		dialog

> 			`You land, and with heavy heart, report that the <npc> was lost with all hands.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`You land, and with a heavy heart, report that the <npc> was lost with all hands. The Remnant are saddened at the news, but thank you regardless and hand off your resource allocation of <payment>.`
```
Same here.

	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`
	
	
mission "Remnant Rescue 3B"
	job
	repeat
	name "Search and Rescue: Supply Ship"
	description "The <npc> has gone missing during a supply run in the Ember Wastes. Find them and help them return to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		random < 3
	npc kill
		system
			attributes "ember waste"
			not attributes "ka'het"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not attributes "graveyard"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
			not system "Edusa"
		personality staying heroic nemesis unconstrained
		government "Test Dummy"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant
				"Rescue Dummy"
		dialog
			`As you enter the system, your sensors pick up a lot of debris. Further analysis confirms your worst fears. The <npc> has been destroyed. You frantically spend the next few hours searching for survivors, your hope sinking with every passing minute.`
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 300000
		dialog

> 			`You land, and with heavy heart, report that the <npc> was lost with all hands.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`You land, and with a heavy heart, report that the <npc> was lost with all hands. The Remnant are saddened at the news, but thank you regardless and hand off your resource allocation of <payment>.`
```
Same as above.

	on visit
		dialog
			`You have returned, yet the <npc> is still missing.`

	
mission "Remnant Rescue 4"
	job
	repeat
	name "Distress Signal: Graveyard"
	description "A distress signal has been received from the <npc> in the Graveyard. Hurry there, and help return them safely to <destination>."
	source
		government "Remnant"
	to offer
		has "Remnant: Learn Sign Follow Up: offered"
		has "First Contact: Ka'het: Remnant 1B: offered"
		random < 10
	npc accompany save
		system
			attributes "graveyard"
			not attributes "inaccessible"
			not government "Remnant"
			not system "Perfica"
			not system "Farinus"
			not system "Edusa"
			not system "Aki'il"
		personality escort derelict heroic plunders
		government "Remnant"
		fleet
			names "remnant"
			variant 8
				Albatross
			variant 2
				Ibis
	on complete
		"rescue missions" ++
		payment 500000
		dialog

> 			`Upon landing, the captain of the <npc> meets you at your ship to thank you personally for rescuing them from the Graveyard, leaving you with a heartfelt sentence: "May the Embers burn bright for you." `
> 			`Soon after, your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`Upon landing, the captain of the <npc> meets you at your ship to thank you personally for rescuing them from the Graveyard, leaving you with a heartfelt sentence: "May the Embers burn bright for you." `
			`	Soon after, your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>.`
```
OR
```suggestion
			`Upon landing, the captain of the <npc> meets you at your ship to thank you personally for rescuing them from the Graveyard, leaving you with a heartfelt sentence: "May the Embers burn bright for you." Soon after, your communicator notifies you of a resource allocation of <payment>.`
```
Up to you. The paragraph break doesn't seem necessary to me, but if you'd like to keep it that's fine.
